DOCS-9547-PMDocReveiw-x12Settings (#114)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/x12-identity-settings.adoc

|Yes +

|===

== X12 - GS Values

Refer to this information specifically for using GS with X12.

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Setting |Description |Required

|Identifier Value
|EDI X12-GS ID for your trading partner; can be up to 15 characters. Your trading partner should supply you with the proper EDI X12 Group Sender/Receiver ID.

|Yes +

|===

== DUNS

Refer to this information specifically for using the DUNS number as an identifier.

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Setting |Description |Required

|Identifier Value
|The DUNS number for your trading partner. The DUNS number is a nine-digit number that your trading partner needs to supply you with that corresponds to the Sender/Receiver ID.

|Yes +

|===

== AS2 Identity

Refer to this information specifically for using the AS2 identity to identify a trading partner.

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Setting |Description |Required

|Identifier Value
|The AS2 identity for your trading partner. Your trading partner should supply you with corresponding to the Sender / Receiver AS2 identity.

|Yes +

|===

== Delete Identifiers

You might want to delete an identifier when it is no longer needed.

> Deleting an existing host or partner identifier impacts the identification and routing of B2B messages to the associated partner. Remember that there must always be at least one identifier per message flow.

Reviewer: Remember that there must..passive sentence?

You must always configure one identifier per message flow?

> Ask yourself the following when deleting an identifier: Why do you want to delete it? Do you need to replace it with another identifier?

Reviewer: Before you delete an identifier, ensure that you clearly know why you are deleting the identifier and whether you need to replace it with another identifier?

> After successfully deleting an identifier, you can create a new identifier with the same value as the one you deleted. If you need to replace the identifier you are deleting, record the values and qualifier type needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
If you need to replace the identifier you are deleting, record the values and qualifier type that you need?
The second part of the sentence seems odd.
```

> . In the left navigation, select *Partners*.

Reviewer: If you kept "menu" in the previous suggestion, replicate here.
